Peel the carrot and take the skin off the garlic and onion.\n  Finely dice garlic, onion, carrot and celery.\n Chop the mushrooms and grate the courgette (optional).
Heat tablespoon of olive oil, in a large flat pan (that has a lid), over medium heat.\n Add garlic, onion, celery, carrot and a pinch of salt to the pan. Gently stir for 5 minutes.
Add mince meat and cook until brown.  Use a spoon to break up large clumps of mince.
Add the red wine, reduce heat to low and stir until the red wine is fully absorbed.
Stir in a tablespoon of tomato paste.
Add mushrooms and courgette and mix in. (This is optional, add/remove any vegetables you like).
Add can of tomatoes and half a can of water (using the same can).
Add oregano and salt and pepper to taste.
Put lid on the pan and simmer for about 1 hour, stirring every 15 minutes.
After 30 minutes, turn the oven on to 200C (390F).
To make the white sauce, melt the butter in a small saucepan over a low heat. To make the white sauce, melt the butter in a small saucepan over a low heat. \n  While the butter is melting, measure out 6 tablespoons flour and 400ml of milk and place next to the stove with a balloon whisk and wooden spoon.
Add the flour to the butter and mix quickly with the wooden spoon until well combined over an low heat.
Slowly add milk whilst continually whisking avoiding sauce becoming lumpy.\n  Whisk non-stop for about 5 minutes until the sauce thickens.
Turn off the heat and whisk in nutmeg and a handful of parmesan to taste.
After the meat sauce has been cooking for 1 hour, taste the meat sauce to ensure there is enough seasoning and add more if need be. Turn off the heat.
In a large lasagna dish, add juice from the meat sauce to cover base.
Cover with a single layer of lasagna sheets.
Evenly add half the meat sauce on top of the lasagna sheets.
Add another single layer of lasagna sheets.
Add half the white sauce and evenly spread  out with fork.
Cover with a single layer of lasagna sheets.
Add the remaining meat sauce.
Cover with single layer of lasagna sheets.
Add remaining white sauce.
Grate parmesan over the top to finish.
Place the lasagna in the preheated oven.
Cook for 35-40min until top is golden brown.
Take out, rest for 5min.
Serve and enjoy!
